# Lease

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | Description or reason for the Lease. | [optional] 
**ExpiresAt** | Pointer to **int32** | ExpiresAt is the unix timestamp in UTC to denote when the Lease will no longer be valid. | [optional] 
**Nonce** | Pointer to **string** | Nonce is the unique ID autogenerated and associated with the Lease. | [optional] 
**Owner** | Pointer to **string** | Owner is the user identifier which acquired the Lease. | [optional] 
**Version** | Pointer to **string** | Machine version | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewLease

`func NewLease() *Lease`

NewLease instantiates a new Lease object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewLeaseWithDefaults

`func NewLeaseWithDefaults() *Lease`

NewLeaseWithDefaults instantiates a new Lease object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetDescription

`func (o *Lease) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *Lease) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *Lease) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *Lease) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExpiresAt

`func (o *Lease) GetExpiresAt() int32`

GetExpiresAt returns the ExpiresAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpiresAtOk

`func (o *Lease) GetExpiresAtOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetExpiresAtOk returns a tuple with the ExpiresAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiresAt

`func (o *Lease) SetExpiresAt(v int32)`

SetExpiresAt sets ExpiresAt field to given value.

### HasExpiresAt

`func (o *Lease) HasExpiresAt() bool`

HasExpiresAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNonce

`func (o *Lease) GetNonce() string`

GetNonce returns the Nonce field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNonceOk

`func (o *Lease) GetNonceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNonceOk returns a tuple with the Nonce field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNonce

`func (o *Lease) SetNonce(v string)`

SetNonce sets Nonce field to given value.

### HasNonce

`func (o *Lease) HasNonce() bool`

HasNonce returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOwner

`func (o *Lease) GetOwner() string`

GetOwner returns the Owner field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOwnerOk

`func (o *Lease) GetOwnerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOwnerOk returns a tuple with the Owner field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOwner

`func (o *Lease) SetOwner(v string)`

SetOwner sets Owner field to given value.

### HasOwner

`func (o *Lease) HasOwner() bool`

HasOwner returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVersion

`func (o *Lease) GetVersion() string`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *Lease) GetVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *Lease) SetVersion(v string)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *Lease) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


